What does this flower give?
I don’t know. Why is the relationship not so good?
Are you asking me to come out of my house?
Anyway, this flower was shipped from Bao’s house.
You have more than thirty-three in total, so I will give you thirty-three with me.
We have to look at this picture as it does not bring luck to anyone.
This was brought by express transportation. You can see that this is just for school.
Only rich people can have more and more luck.
some people here
Thank you for talking to me
Give us a house and a car and
These are the most popular roses abroad and
Auntie said you have liked roses since you were a child
Why do I give myself roses when I never allow you to find them?
You gave yourself a relationship
If you don’t tell me, I’ll give you a rose
Did you get that rose for you?